{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Online Midi sequencer app\
Main concept: an app that let\'92s users graphically create and save midi tracks\

\b 1. A user can create an account\
2. A user can graphically populate a pitch vs. time matrix with notes (several notes any given time division are possible; deletion is possible)\
3. A user can save this track privately in their account\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 4. A user can edit and delete the saved tracks\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 5. A user can make this track public\
6. A user can share this track with select users\
7. A user can select a number of notes (as well as all the notes in the track for deletion)
\b0 \
8. There is a panel which can help construct chords (e.g. a Gm7 can be constructed by selecting a G, minor, and 7 options)\
9. The notes could be added/removed without a page refresh in a graphically pleasing way (JS)\
\
More ambitious goals beyond the span of this class:\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 10. The track can be played via midi from the beginning or from a given point in the track, looped or one time through\
11. The track can auto-scroll horizontally if playing past one page\
12. There is an option to transpose the selected notes up/down a given amount of pitches\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 13. A track can contain notes of variable duration (e.g. 1/8 notes, 1/4 notes)\
14. Groups of notes can be selected for cut/copy/paste and eventually dragged to a different place vertically/horizontally\
15. There is an option to scale the duration of all the selected notes by the same amount (eventually via a dragging motion to stretch/shrink the notes)\
16. Other users can edit the track if sharing is not read-only\
17. The midi instrument of the track can be changed\
18. The track can contain more than one instrument\
19. As the notes for one instrument are selected, the notes for the other instruments have a lower opacity to appear to be in the background\
20. The track can be zoomed in/out vertically/horizontally\
21. A playlist can be made from several tracks (this could be used for trying different verse/chorus ideas; eg. track 1 is verse, track 2 is chorus v1, track 3 is chorus v2; a playlist can be made like track 1, track 2, track 1, track 3 to compare)\
22. A key can be set, and notes on track outside of the key will be highlighted\
}